Micheal’s Website information

Navigation Bar
-Logo
-HOME
-MEET MICHAEL
-PRIORITIES
-GET INVOLVED 
-DONATE (Button that links to act blue website)

Main page
1. Image of Michael with a few lines about him and button to redirect to the MEET MICHAEL page. 2. A PRIORITIES section will be underneath with a few lines of his mission and then a button link to the PRIORITIES page. 
3. A Boundaries section with an image of Tempe, Arizona boundary map. A button to link to learn more (https://www.arcgis.com/home/item.html?id=660f9b04f0c044999e6bcd23e749ef1b&sublayer=0)
4. Under that, there will be a Contribute now section with a short to let the audience know that the campaign is entirely powered by contributions from supporters like them and a button that links to act blue website. 

MEET MICHAEL page
1. Information about Michael and pictures. 
2. Text with left/right image. 

PRIORITIES page (example of https://young4pxu.com/mission)
1. The ask is to have a list of issues. The issues will come in time when meeting with additional people. 
2. Under that, there will be a Contribute now section with a short to let the audience know that the campaign is entirely powered by contributions from supporters like them and a button that links to act blue website. 

GET INVOLVED page
1. The purpose of this page is to have people sign up to volunteer with Michael’s campaign.
2. Needs to have a short description like: Get involved with Micheal	
3. Then a form that collects the First name, last name, email, and phone number.
4. The data should be saved somewhere where Michael can access it for news letter data. 
5. Mail chimp can probably help?
6. Have a section for social media and icons that link to Micheal’s social media pages.
7. Under that, there will be a Contribute now section with a short to let the audience know that the campaign is entirely powered by contributions from supporters like them and a button that links to act blue website. 

CONTACT page
1. There will be a form that allows user to submit a name, email, subject and message.

FOOTER
1. logo
2. social media links
3. contact page  


